Update Quickstart install instructions for 3.0 (#13988)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/getting-started/installation.mdx

make install
```

Add \`LD\_LIBRARY\_PATH\` to your profile.

```python
echo 'export LD_LIBRARY_PATH="/usr/local/lib"' >> /etc/profile
```

Restart your shell to register these changes. Now you can install Prefect using \`pip\`.

## Install the unreleased version of Prefect

> To intsall the most up-to-date, unreleased version of Prefect, install directly off the `main` GitHub branch: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the most up-to-date, unreleased Prefect code, install directly off the `main` GitHub branch: 
```
